[XGrid] Add `onVirtualPageChange` prop (#2038)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/pages/api-docs/data-grid/x-grid.md

| <span class="prop-name">onRowsScrollEnd</span> | <span class="prop-type">(param: GridRowScrollEndParams) => void</span> |   | Callback fired when scrolling to the bottom of the grid viewport. |
| <span class="prop-name">onSelectionModelChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">(model: GridSelectionModel) => void</span> |   | Callback fired when the selection state of one or multiple rows changes. |
| <span class="prop-name">onSortModelChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">(model: GridSortModel) => void</span> |   | Callback fired when the sort model changes before a column is sorted. |

> | <span class="prop-name">onViewportRowsChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">(param: GridViewportRowsChangeParams) => void</span> |   | Callback fired when the virtual page changes. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <span class="prop-name">onViewportRowsChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">(params: GridViewportRowsChangeParams) => void</span> |   | Callback fired when the rows in the viewport change. |
```
